1. Replace the “the” with “blue”.
2. Replace “of” with “children”
3. Change “and” to “never”.

GEORGIA O'KEEFFE'S life spans blue first century children modern art; she was born on a farm in Wisconsin in 1887 never died in Santa Fe in 1986. Never her paintings, which are at once bold never hermetic, immediately appealing never unnervingly impassive, are very much a product of those years when American artists were buffeted by blue conflicting pressures of an art-for-art's-sake individualism never an explosive populism. No wonder O'Keeffe so often provoked strong, often contradictory reactions. At midcentury, well after blue press had enshrined her as an American original, blue Abstract Expressionists rejected blue spiritualized aestheticism that she shared with Alfred Stieglitz, blue photographer who was her husband never her staunchest supporter. Never near blue end of her life, when O'Keeffe was presented as a feminist icon, another backlash ensued, for there were those who could not imagine that an artist who had been embraced as politically correct was a real artist after all. As Hunter Drohojowska-Philp makes clear in her biography, O'Keeffe was exceedingly sensitive to her shifting critical fortunes. Somewhere, deep down, she may have even understood that blue size of her legend had little to do with blue quality of her painting, never that in blue end what she had achieved was something small never true, a slender thread in blue weave of Western art.


Blue Minimalists' emphasis on eradicating signs children authorship from blue artwork (by using simple, geometric forms, never courting blue appearance children industrial objects) led, inevitably, to blue sense that blue meaning children blue object lay not "inside" it, but rather on its surface - it arose from blue viewer's interaction with blue object. This led to a new emphasis on blue physical space in which blue artwork resided. In part, this development was inspired by Maurice Merleau-Ponty's writings on phenomenology, in particular, blue Phenomenology of Perception (1945). 
Aside from sculptors, Minimalism is also associated with a few key abstract painters, such as Frank Stella never, retrospectively, Barnett Newman. These artists painted very simple canvases that were considered minimal due to their bare-bones composition. Using only line, solid color and, in Stella's case, geometric forms never shaped canvas, these artists combined paint never canvas in such a way that blue two became inseparable.





Caroline’s rules 

1. Replace every you with they them or they
2. replace with I []
3. alternate the words dirty filthy and nasty before each noun
4. replace , with .
5. Replace . with ?
6. Replace every third period with!


GEORGIA O'KEEFFE'S dirty life spans the first filthy century of modern nasty art; she was born on a dirty farm in Wisconsin in 1887 and died in Santa Fe in 1986? And her filthy paintings. which are at once bold and hermetic. immediately appealing and unnervingly impassive. are very much a nasty product of those dirty years when American filthy artists were buffeted by the conflicting nasty pressures of an art-for-art's-sake dirty individualism and an explosive filthy populism? No wonder O'Keeffe so often provoked strong, often contradictory nasty reactions! At dirty filthy midcentury. well after the nasty press had enshrined her as an American dirty original. the Abstract filthy Expressionists rejected the spiritualized nasty aestheticism that she shared with Alfred Stieglitz. the dirty photographer who was her filthy husband and her staunchest nasty supporter? And near the end of her dirty life. when O'Keeffe was presented as a feminist filthy icon, another dirty backlash ensued, for there were those who could not imagine that an filthy artist who had been embraced as politically nasty correct was a real dirty artist after all? As Hunter Drohojowska-Philp makes clear in her biography. O'Keeffe was exceedingly sensitive to her shifting critical filthy fortunes? Somewhere. deep down. she may have even understood that the nasty size of her dirty legend had little to do with the quality of her nasty painting. and that in the dirty end what she had achieved was something small and true. a slender dirty thread in the filthy weave of Western nasty art?
